Workload:  What tasks have you completed?  How did you handle these tasks?  What did you learn from them?  Did you come away with a good understanding of how the division operates?

Tasks that have completed:
1.	Functions about mocking data
There are two kinds of data that need to be mocked, DB data and Soap data. In order to reduce the risks of reconstructing the system structure, I have used AOP (Aspect-Oriented-Programming) to solve this problem. During this process, I have learnt a lot about Spring AOP and AspectJ.  
2.	Functions about generating codes
In order to improve the elegancy of auto-generated test cases and the efficiency of development, I have used Javapoet to construct the structure of test cases. During this process, I have learnt a lot about codes-generation and meta-programming. 
With the help of my manager, I have come away with a good understanding of how the division operates. I have learnt a lot about my division and the business of the product in my division.

Strengths: What strengths have you demonstrated during the summer program so far?   

I am curious about new things and willing to learn new things. During the summer program so far, I have met many problems that I have not met before. During the process of solving these problems, I have learnt a lot of new technology, such as AOP, code-generator, and Mockito. Besides the technology, I have also learnt a lot in the financial field, such as the financial business of the product in my division. 

Development: What are your key areas for development?  What steps have you taken or will you take to address them?

Key areas for development: More skilful in software development and communication
Steps to take:	1. Learn more technical skills from my manager and team members. 
2. Communicate with more people, like other interns and employees in the company. 
3. Participate in more events and activities during my internship.

Work environment:  Please describe your work/team environment. Did you feel your manager and the other team members were adequately involved in your activities?  Is there any further support that we can provide?

My team environment is very nice. My manager and my team members have helped me a lot since my internship starts. All of them are full of experiences and very happy to give me a hand. When I meet some problems with my summer program, my manager and my team members can give me a lot of suggestions and help me to find out the solutions. With their support, my summer program goes well now. 

Any other comments or feedback?

None. 
